README.md, before:

#[Node-Login](http://node-login.braitsch.io)

####A basic login & account management system built in Node.js with the following features :

* New User Account Creation
* Secure Password Reset via Email
* Ability to Update / Delete Account
* Session Tracking for Logged-In Users
* Local Cookie Storage for Returning Users
* Blowfish-based Scheme Password Encryption

***

####Node-Login is built on top of the following libraries :

* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) - Application Server
* [Express.js](http://expressjs.com/) - Node.js Web Framework
* [MongoDb](http://www.mongodb.org/) - Database Storage
* [Jade](http://jade-lang.com/) - HTML Templating Engine
* [Stylus](http://learnboost.github.com/stylus/) - CSS Preprocessor
* [EmailJS](http://github.com/eleith/emailjs) - Node.js > SMTP Server Middleware
* [Moment.js](http://momentjs.com/) - Lightweight Date Library
* [Twitter Bootstrap](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/) - UI Component & Layout Library

***

A [Live Demo](http://node-login.braitsch.io) and [some thoughts about the app's architecture.](http://www.quietless.com/kitchen/building-a-login-system-in-node-js-and-mongodb/)

***

####Installation & Setup
This assumes you already have node.js & npm installed.
```
git clone git://github.com/braitsch/node-login.git node-login
cd node-login
npm install -d
node app
```
For testing purposes, I've provided a [database dump of all accounts here.](http://node-login.braitsch.io/print)  
Please note this list and the entire database automatically resets every 24 hours.

Questions and suggestions for improvement are welcome.

Commit message:

Convert app to coffeescript.
This now forces a new invocation:

node_modules/coffee-script/bin/coffee app.coffee

README.md, after:

#[Node-Login](http://node-login.braitsch.io)

This now runs under coffeescript.  To start the server:

```
node_modules/coffee-script/bin/coffee app.coffee
```

####A basic login & account management system built in Node.js with the following features :

* New User Account Creation
* Secure Password Reset via Email
* Ability to Update / Delete Account
* Session Tracking for Logged-In Users
* Local Cookie Storage for Returning Users
* Blowfish-based Scheme Password Encryption

***

####Node-Login is built on top of the following libraries :

* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) - Application Server
* [Express.js](http://expressjs.com/) - Node.js Web Framework
* [MongoDb](http://www.mongodb.org/) - Database Storage
* [Jade](http://jade-lang.com/) - HTML Templating Engine
* [Stylus](http://learnboost.github.com/stylus/) - CSS Preprocessor
* [EmailJS](http://github.com/eleith/emailjs) - Node.js > SMTP Server Middleware
* [Moment.js](http://momentjs.com/) - Lightweight Date Library
* [Twitter Bootstrap](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/) - UI Component & Layout Library

***

A [Live Demo](http://node-login.braitsch.io) and [some thoughts about the app's architecture.](http://www.quietless.com/kitchen/building-a-login-system-in-node-js-and-mongodb/)

***

####Installation & Setup
This assumes you already have node.js & npm installed.
```
git clone git://github.com/braitsch/node-login.git node-login
cd node-login
npm install -d
node app
```
For testing purposes, I've provided a [database dump of all accounts here.](http://node-login.braitsch.io/print)  
Please note this list and the entire database automatically resets every 24 hours.

Questions and suggestions for improvement are welcome.
